bpo-41100: bugfix, arm64 Mac OS, missing #include <AvailabilityMacros.h> (#21588)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/macOS/2020-07-21-22-31-07.bpo-41100.DpyP6E.rst

> fix a bug in getpath.c for arm64 Mac OS

Reviewer: I would rework that sentence as this is not only for ARM64 but x86_64 too:
```suggestion
Fixed a bug in `Modules/getpath.c` for macOS 11. Patch by Lawrence D'Anna.
```
